Update `AoSoA` API in Cabana's use case (#481)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/usecases/SoA-and-AoSoA-with-Cabana.md

`DataTypes`
: The types of the elements stored in the underlying `Cabana::SoA`s.

`MemorySpace`
: The Kokkos memory space that carries information about where to allocate storage.

`VectorLength`

> : The vector length for the structure of arrays (optional). If not specified, a default defined for each each memory space is used; this value will likely need to be modified for optimal performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The vector length for the structure of arrays (optional). If not specified, a default defined value is used for each memory space; this value will likely need to be modified for optimal performance.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: The vector length for the structure of arrays (optional). If not specified, a default (defined per memory space) is used; this value may need to be modified for optimal performance.
```
Thanks for catching the mistake - I also softened the language since it's strongly kernel dependent

`DataTypes`
: The types of the elements stored in the underlying `Cabana::SoA`s.

`MemorySpace`
: The Kokkos memory space that carries information about where to allocate storage.

`VectorLength`

> : The vector length for the structure of arrays (optional).

Reviewer 2: Maybe worth adding that while we have a default for each backend, the user will likely need to modify this for optimal kernel performance

Author: If you want to do "add a suggestion" I can merge into this PR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: The vector length for the structure of arrays (optional). If not specified, a default defined for each each memory space is used; this value will likely need to be modified for optimal performance.
```
